Added `pkg_config_name` and `pkg_config_aliases` information (#2315)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/tools/gnu/pkgconfigdeps.rst

Names and aliases
++++++++++++++++++

Aliases are available since: `1.43.0 <https://github.com/conan-io/conan/releases>`_

By default, the ``*.pc`` file names will follow the rules defined below:

* For packages, the own package name, e.g., package ``zlib/1.2.11`` -> ``zlib.pc``.
* For components, the package name as namespace plus the own component one, package ``openssl/3.0.0`` and component ``openssl::crypto`` -> ``openssl-crypto.pc``.

Given that, it's also possible to change easily that behavior thanks to ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties.

For instance, ``openssl/3.0.0``` recipe has these ``pkg_config_name`` properties declared:

.. code:: python

    from conans import ConanFile

    class OpenSSLConan(ConanFile):
        name = "openssl"
        version = "3.0.0"

        # any code here

        def package_info(self):
            self.cpp_info.set_property("pkg_config_name", "openssl")
            self.cpp_info.components["crypto"].set_property("pkg_config_name", "libcrypto")
            self.cpp_info.components["ssl"].set_property("pkg_config_name", "libssl")

> Making a simple ``conanfile.py`` to consume it:

Author: That was really great! Thanks!

Additionally, a *<PKG-NAME>.pc* is generated to maintain compatibility for consumers with recipes that start supporting components. This
*<PKG-NAME>.pc* file will declare all the components of the package as requires while the rest of the fields will be empty, relying on
the propagation of flags coming from the components *<[PKG-NAME]-[COMP-NAME]>.pc* files.

Names and aliases
++++++++++++++++++

Aliases are available since: `1.43.0 <https://github.com/conan-io/conan/releases>`_

> By default, the ``*.pc`` file names will follow the rules defined below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the ``*.pc`` files will be named following these rules:
```

> * For packages, the own package name, e.g., package ``zlib/1.2.11`` -> ``zlib.pc``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For packages, it is used the package name, e.g., ``zlib/1.2.11`` -> ``zlib.pc``.
```

> * For packages, the own package name, e.g., package ``zlib/1.2.11`` -> ``zlib.pc``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For packages, the package name itself, e.g. ``zlib/1.2.11`` -> ``zlib.pc``.
```

> * For components, the package name as namespace plus the own component one, package ``openssl/3.0.0`` and component ``openssl::crypto`` -> ``openssl-crypto.pc``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For components, the package name + hypen + component name. e.g, ``openssl/3.0.0`` with `self.cpp_info.components["crytpo"]` -> ``openssl-crypto.pc``.
```

Don't use `::` here, that is cmake jargon stuff.

> * For components, the package name as namespace plus the own component one, package ``openssl/3.0.0`` and component ``openssl::crypto`` -> ``openssl-crypto.pc``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For components, the package name as namespace, plus the component name. For example: package ``openssl/3.0.0`` and component ``openssl::crypto`` -> ``openssl-crypto.pc``.
```

> You can change that default behavior with ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change that default behavior with the ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties. For instance, ``openssl/3.0.0``` recipe has these ``pkg_config_name`` properties already declared:
```

> Given that, it's also possible to change easily that behavior thanks to ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change that default behavior with ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties.
```

> Given that, it's also possible to change easily that behavior thanks to ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to change easily this behavior using the ``pkg_config_name`` and ``pkg_config_aliases`` properties. For instance, ``openssl/3.0.0``` recipe has these ``pkg_config_name`` properties already declared:
```

> For instance, ``openssl/3.0.0``` recipe has these ``pkg_config_name`` properties already declared:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I don't get why you're removing this line

Author: I just saw your comment below 😁

.. code:: python

    from conans import ConanFile

    class OpenSSLConan(ConanFile):
        name = "openssl"

        # any code here

        def package_info(self):
            self.cpp_info.set_property("pkg_config_name", "openssl")
            self.cpp_info.components["crypto"].set_property("pkg_config_name", "libcrypto")
            self.cpp_info.components["ssl"].set_property("pkg_config_name", "libssl")

Run :command:`conan install openssl/3.0.0@ -g PkgConfigDeps` and check the ``*.pc`` files created:

- libcrypto.pc
- libssl.pc
- openssl.pc
- zlib.pc *(openssl requires zlib)*

> Their ``pkg_config_name`` properties are used as absolute names for the PC files:

Reviewer: Not sure what this sentence means. What's an absolute name for a file?

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: openssl.pc

    Name: openssl
    Description: Conan package: openssl
    Version: 3.0.0
    Requires: libcrypto libssl

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: libcrypto.pc

    prefix=/Users/conan_user/.conan/data/openssl/3.0.0/_/_/package/88955cec2844f731470e07bd44ce5a3a24ec88b7
    libdir1=${prefix}/lib
    includedir1=${prefix}/include

    Name: libcrypto
    Description: Conan component: libcrypto
    Version: 3.0.0
    Libs: -L"${libdir1}" -lcrypto -Wl,-rpath,"${libdir1}" -F Frameworks
    Cflags: -I"${includedir1}"
    Requires: zlib

Now, let's see how ``pkg_config_aliases`` property works step by step.

> Let's create our own ``myopenssl/1.0.0`` recipe and define several aliases like these ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create our own ``myopenssl/1.0.0`` recipe and define several aliases like the following:
```

.. code:: python

    from conans import ConanFile

    class MyOpenSSLConan(ConanFile):
        name = "myopenssl"
        version = "1.0.0"

        def package_info(self):
            # Aliases
            self.cpp_info.set_property("pkg_config_aliases", ["myopenssl_alias"])
            self.cpp_info.components["mycrypto"].set_property("pkg_config_aliases", ["mycrypto", "crp"])
            self.cpp_info.components["myssl"].set_property("pkg_config_aliases", ["myssl"])

> Then, creating the package locally with :command:`conan create .` and consuming it :command:`conan install myopenssl/1.0.0@ -g PkgConfigDeps`, the files created will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, after creating the package locally with :command:`conan create .` and consuming it :command:`conan install myopenssl/1.0.0@ -g PkgConfigDeps`, the files created will be:
```

- myopenssl-mycrypto.pc
- myopenssl-myssl.pc
- myopenssl.pc
- crp.pc *(alias of myopenssl-mycrypto)*
- mycrypto.pc *(alias of myopenssl-mycrypto)*
- myssl.pc *(alias of myopenssl-myssl)*
- myopenssl_alias.pc *(alias of myopenssl)*

Where any of those aliases files contains something like this:

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: mycrypto.pc

    Name: mycrypto
    Description: Alias mycrypto for myopenssl-mycrypto
    Version: 1.0.0
    Requires: myopenssl-mycrypto

> Also, it's possible to use both properties together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to use both properties together:
```
